How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing a diff allowed me to see exactly where changes in the file occured.
    This significantly reduced the number of lines I had to scan to find the
    bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It allows me to track down where a potential bug could have been inserted
    (and by whom!).

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    When you can choose when to create a commit, you can structure your commits.
    The downside is that, sometimes it's hard to define what should be in a
    commit, or sometimes we forget to make one soon enough!

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    A commit should be thought of as a snapshot of a project's state. When a
    new bit of functionality is added to a project, there are times when more
    than one file have to change.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows a file's (or files') history, along with who made those
    commits and when. Plus it has tons of options so we can pick what to display
    in the log.
    
    git diff allows us to see what has immediately changed in files, as well
    as comparing two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    If there's a change I wanted to make, I could easily create a branch,
    separate from my current branch, and make all changes as I see fit. If
    things go wrong, I can revert to a previous commit, or even abandon the
    experimental branch altogether, and resume what I was doing before that.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Projects and stuff :)
